they run your buddy day on here again
right here at lot 3 Wentworth streets
here as you can see here the slab is
progressing further for preparation
ready to be poured I just want to come
out and give you a little look at the
the process here as you can see the boys
box it all up to my level 2 laughs and
the outs being dug out what they do is
as I explained in the last year a lot of
levels the lime out 100 mil down from
the top lip the top edge of the boxing
and from there the boys scrape it I can
get it all nice and level so that you
end up with a hundred mil thick slab and
then there they come along with a little
mini excavator and dig out the footing
so he just reaches in with these bucket
and digs out those footings and and then
the boys come along and clean it up and
tidy it up so as you can see this is
basically is the formwork the excavated
soil forms the formwork pour the slab
what happens now is probably on Monday
or something like that I'd sighs the
boys will come along and get they get a
plastic membrane so just some black
plastic plastic gets of a suitable
nature they this plastic and then the
Rio over the top of that so and then
ready for a poor later in the week so as
you can see it's all expected but
hopefully have things under control
there and we'll be all right to go so
it's all looking very good it all
happening a lot of rain
just made a little bit of a nuisance but
we can't complain about it if I just
progress through here I'll just hop in
and walk through the footings as I go
around here sorry for the wind again
guys very windy I'll just give you a
quick look there's a little portico that
comes out of the front of the house here
unfortunately the portico they've the
engineers designed some very deep
footings as you can see that's always a
bit frustrating because it chews up a
bit more concrete hopefully i'll give
you another thanks again and I'll talk
to you soon bye now